# LangGraph

From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGg_1h0qzaM

## 1. Overview
See code for python details

## 2. Elements of langgraph
* State 
Is a shared data structure that holds the state of the entire application
* Nodes 
Are functions or operations that perform specific tasks within the graph.
Each node receives input (often the current stat) and produces output or modifies the state.
  * Start node: it's the node where the workflow begins
  * End node: signifies the conclusion of the workflow.
  * ToolNode: a special kind of node whose main job is to run a tool. The Tool's output is back into the state, so other node can use it.
* Graph
is the structure that connects nodes and defines the flow of data and operations.
* Edges
Are the connections between nodes, representing the flow of data, tells the next nodes to be executed when the current node is done.
  * Conditional Edges: are special edges that allow the graph to branch based on conditions.
* Tools
Are specialized functions or operations that can be used within nodes to perform specific tasks, such as making API calls, processing data, or interacting with external systems.
Nodes are parts of graph structures, tools are functionalities used by nodes.
* StateGraph: is a class used to build and compile the graph structure
* Runnable: is a component that performs a general task in AI workflow, is a fundamental building block. Nodes instead basically receive a state and update it.
* Messages:
  * HumanMessage: represents a input from a human user.
  * SystemMessage: used to provide instructions or context to the AI model.
  * AIMessage: represents the response generated by the AI model.
  * FunctionMessage: represents the result of a function call.
  * ToolMessage: similar to FunctionMessage but specific to tool usage.

## Examples

1. Hello World graph
Just START --> Node --> END
2. ----
3. Simple graph
4. Simple graph with tool
5. Simple graph with more nodes
6. Simple graph with conditional edge
7. Simple graph with a loop on a node
8. An agent that behaves as chatbot, with memory and LLM calls
9. Reasing and Actioning (React) agent
This is interesting, it uses a graph to reason about the input and then decide which action to take. When I ask to add o subtracting two numbers, it first reasons about the input and then decides to call the calculator tool to perform the operation.
NB: LLM used docstring to understand wich tool to call, so the docstring is important.
10. Agent with tools and chat
This tool is a more complex agent that can handle multiple tools and chat interactions. It uses a graph to manage the flow of conversation and tool usage. It helps to create a document, ask for changes and saves the document to a file when finished.
11. RAG with tools

NB: 10 is a good template to start building complex agents.
